fix(types): publish protocol types to npm (#5174)
puppeteer/puppeteer: CONTRIBUTING.md

    1. On your local machine, pull from [upstream](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer) and make sure the last commit is the one just merged.
    2. Run `git status` and make sure there are no untracked files.
        - **WHY**: this is to avoid adding unnecessary files to the npm package.

>     3. Run `yarn` to make sure the latest `lib/protocol.d.ts` is generated.

Reviewer: Is there an easy way to do this that does not require installing`yarn`?

Author: This should work for `npm install` too. It's done in an install hook.

Could replace with `npm run install / yarn install`.

>     3. Run `yarn` to make sure the latest `lib/protocol.d.ts` is generated.

Reviewer: Let’s do that then — it’s more consistent with the other steps:

```suggestion
    3. Run `npm install` to make sure the latest `lib/protocol.d.ts` is generated.
```
